[Music]
my
what is going on guys on a limited
christy here on insta poisons Channel
and I'm bringing guys a modern warfare 2
gameplay and the reason I'm here on
instance channels because I successfully
completed a subscriber challenge where
you were supposed to go and obtain two
nukes in one game and if you've got the
dual nuke before he did he would upload
it to his channel and that is why I am
here so not only did I get two nukes in
this gameplay I did it knife only so and
what I mean by that is that I didn't use
my guns I didn't get any gun kills all I
did was run around and I some people and
I think that's what really makes this
gameplay fun to watch it because there's
nothing better than running around
pretending to be only use me playing
stabbing some people because I think
that's always entertaining and I just
make those two guys sit down and I'm
pretty sure they're pretty embarrassed
right now
but I'd like to say thank you for
instant icing for letting me put this on
his channel and I appreciate that very
much because um you can tell just by
that he really cares about his
subscribers and he really all wants to
do what's best for you guys and I can
see that him that's a important uh
characteristic that I realized that he
shows but a bit of built myself guys I'm
a 15 year old male that lives in Toronto
Ontario Canada so me and insta poison we
are fellow Canadians and I'm sure we
both like to play our hockey and play
our cup of duty um it's kind of a
Canadian thing that uh I'm pretty sure I
understand but uh guys I do have a
channel of my own where I do post
gameplay commentaries um I put mostly
Call of Duty videos I put the odd
battlefield video up but I mostly stick
to Call of Duty and you guys can feel
free to check that if you guys wish and
or if not guys I'm not forcing you guys
to or begging you guys to just if you
guys want to go ahead stop by if not
then just go on with your day
um these guys are just getting raped in
the SE C we're in the flirty um I hate
that happens to me when an enemy gets
some kill streaks but you know it's fun
when you're doing to them it's not fun
they're doing it to you but one thing I
noticed um about into poisons channel
and don't get me
I'm sure he's grateful for all
subscribers and views that he has but in
my opinion with his interesting
gameplays and commentaries and his
interesting personality I think he
deserves more than what he gets and I
think he deserves more credit but anyway
that's just my opinion really like um
you know I'm sure that he enjoys
everything that he has so far and you
know I'm sure he's happy with what he's
got but um you guys can see I just got
out of my ac-130 here I'm fairly close
to my I'm very first nuke I think I need
like two or three more kills and if you
guys know it's like to go for a nuke if
you get out of like your chopper gunner
or ac-130 whatever you guys are using to
get your nukes you guys you know your
hands start sweating your palms start
shaking and you just want to play it
really carefully and there's nothing
worse than dying close to a nuke um I go
for them quite often and well I used to
I don't play Modern Warfare 2 anymore I
mostly play black ops but I know a lot
of people don't like that game I think
it's got its ups and downs but you know
I don't not really gonna get into too
much of a controversial topic over the
game but um you guys can see I got my
first nuke which is a good thing and all
I needed was another nuke and to about a
field up start where I had to cut into
the Harriers because uh I died one away
from my ac-130 right off the start which
kind of sucks but you know um I could
have got a triple nuke you know I would
have been pretty cool I'm not gonna lie
but uh double nukes just as uh just as
good for me because I think two nukes is
good enough for me triples um asking for
a bit much but you know and right here
look at this gums dosey going with him
he doesn't these guys are bad players
guys like I said I wouldn't want to uh I
wouldn't want to try and get this game
play again and I think it'd be um I
think it'd be quite annoying to try and
go for this gameplay again I could see
myself getting quite angry and agitated
that I wouldn't be able to do it because
these guys are pretty bad players and it
was a lot more luck than anything else
but uh I'm just trying to get my hair's
here I'm probably pretty close to him
again but um oh yeah one more thing that
I'm calling to talk about this
commentary is that is anyone excited
from modern warfare
3 and battlefield 3 because I know I am
I can I can't wait for those games I'm a
bit bored of black ops 2 modern warfare
2 so I'm looking forward to both and
maybe you guys can leave some feedback
and tell me what tell insta poison as
well are you guys going to be getting
those games I'm sure he is interested in
what his subscribers are playing these
days and I don't know guys I'm getting
Battlefield I've never really been into
the Battlefield series before I played a
bit of Bad Company 2 but I've never
really gotten into it and I'm excited
for Battlefield 3 because I'm interested
in playing a first-person shooter that's
not Call of Duty and Battlefield looks
like an entertaining game in my opinion
so um maybe you guys can leave a comment
saying if you guys are going to get
Battlefield 3 or not this is just
another as cloud 4 1 3 that's going to
town man these guys they're not
happening
like they've seen better days that's for
sure and not only battlefield 3 but guns
modern warfare 3 is coming out soon as
well November 8th to 9th I'm pretty sure
one of those dates and I'm sure a lot of
you guys are going to be getting that
game play our game play that game too um
I hope it's going to be you know a good
game I'm not saying that the other games
aren't I'm just saying that I need a
good game to play for a while and I'm
looking forward to both those games but
you guys can see I've tamed my second
nuke here and I call in my nukes and see
that don't okay wouldn't let me call in
my second one but uh anyways guys I'd
like to say thank you for watching this
gameplay and thank you for stopping by
listening to my commentary I don't like
to say thank you for in stupid for
letting me put this on your channel
anyways have a nice day guys peace
you